Certainly! Below are the
decomposed prompts for each subtask, represented as separate `generate_prompt` methods. Each subtask focuses on a specific aspect of the analysis:\n\n### 1.
Linguistic Analysis\n`python\ndef generate_prompt(self, key: str, value: int) -> list:\n    return [\n        {\n            "role": "system",\n            
"content": "You are a literary analyst with expertise in linguistics.",\n        },\n        {\n            "role": "user",\n            "content": f"""Perform a 
linguistic analysis of the following book title:\n\nTitle: {key}\n\nProvide the following information:\n1. Number of words\n2. Syllable count (estimate)\n3. 
Presence of alliteration or assonance\n4. Identify any archaic or unusual words\n\nProvide your analysis in a structured format, outlining each point 
clearly.""",\n        },\n    ]\n`\n\n### 2. Thematic Elements\n`python\ndef generate_prompt(self, key: str, value: int) -> list:\n    return [\n        {\n  
"role": "system",\n            "content": "You are a literary analyst with expertise in thematic analysis.",\n        },\n        {\n            "role": "user",\n
"content": f"""Analyze the thematic elements of the following book title:\n\nTitle: {key}\n\nProvide the following information:\n1. Primary theme(s) suggested by 
the title\n2. Emotional tone (e.g., mysterious, uplifting, melancholic)\n3. Any cultural or historical references implied\n\nPlease present your findings in a 
clear and organized manner.""",\n        },\n    ]\n`\n\n### 3. Genre and Market Appeal\n`python\ndef generate_prompt(self, key: str, value: int) -> list:\n  
return [\n        {\n            "role": "system",\n            "content": "You are a literary analyst with expertise in genre classification and market 
trends.",\n        },\n        {\n            "role": "user",\n            "content": f"""Evaluate the genre and market appeal of the following book 
title:\n\nTitle: {key}\n\nProvide the following information:\n1. Primary and secondary genre predictions\n2. Target age group\n3. Estimate potential market appeal
(1-10 scale)\n\nDeliver your analysis in a structured format, detailing each aspect clearly.""",\n        },\n    ]\n`\n\n### 4. Creative Writing
Aspects\n`python\ndef generate_prompt(self, key: str, value: int) -> list:\n    return [\n        {\n            "role": "system",\n            "content": "You 
are a literary analyst with expertise in creative writing.",\n        },\n        {\n            "role": "user",\n            "content": f"""Generate creative 
writing aspects based on the following book title:\n\nTitle: {key}\n\nPlease provide:\n1. A brief (2-3 sentence) plot synopsis based solely on the title\n2. A 
potential opening line for the book\n\nPresent your suggestions in a clear format, highlighting the connections to the title.""",\n        },\n    ]\n`\n\n### 5. Comparative Analysis\n`python\ndef generate_prompt(self, key: str, value: int) -> list:\n    return [\n        {\n            "role": "system",\n            
"content": "You are a literary analyst specializing in comparative literature.",\n        },\n        {\n            "role": "user",\n            "content": 
f"""Perform a comparative analysis based on the following book title:\n\nTitle: {key}\n\nProvide the following information:\n1. Suggest two existing famous books 
with similar titles or themes\n2. Explain how this title might stand out or blend in with current market trends\n\nOrganize your analysis clearly, focusing on the
comparisons and market position.""",\n        },\n    ]\n`\n\nThese separated prompts allow for parallel processing of different subtasks related to the book
title analysis, enhancing the overall efficiency and accuracy of the results.
